Many patients have forgotten what it’s like to not have trouble breathing. We’ve created a unique technology that combines hardware and software to digitally guide the course of therapy for patients and physicians managing respiratory diseases. Our small team enjoys working together to create and apply technology to challenging problems that have enormous social costs.
We empower people with asthma and COPD to lead their lives without limits; you’ll create software that conquers respiratory disease, and learn something new every day as you pioneer new digital health solutions.
Reporting to the Head of Product, the Product Manager will strengthen Propeller’s product offerings in the Pharma and Consumer space.
·        A believer in the importance of continuous, rapid testing and learning. We need to make mistakes in order to learn, but you make them quickly and mitigate the risks
·        Experienced in interfacing with Engineers, Designers, and Quality teams
·        Experienced launching health-related products successfully, and have managed consumer products for a minimum of 3 years
·        Eager to work at a fast-paced startup company revolutionizing the health tech space
·        Familiar working with Agile methodology
·        A believer that technology can help solve hard problems and change the world
·        Aware that technology, by itself, does not delight customers; the sweet spot is when we combine technology with practical solutions, surprises, utility, and social interaction
·        A product leader able to translate Propeller’s strategy into execution plans
·        A seasoned tactician; you have an eye towards process and an impressive portfolio of impactful product outcomes
·        Empathy for our patients, and a passion for the business (revenue and growth)
·        Someone oriented around measurement and quantifying success
·        Passion and vision; you enjoy solving complex problems and doing good for our patients and providers
·        An ability to manage and lead through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus building
·        Comfort with uncertainty and the ability to pivot directions when necessary
·        A good listener; you respect the value of your design and engineering colleagues, but you aren’t afraid to assert yourself
·        Belief that great products are the result of true collaboration
·        Someone based in Madison, WI area or with existing ties/plans to return to Madison
As a Product Manager you’ll imagine, develop, document, support, and execute on the Propeller Health product roadmap. You will:
·        Innovate and ensure that our product is constantly growing to suit our customers’ needs. You’ll set product and strategic direction to bring out the best results for the patient and the business.
·        Collaborate with three other Product Managers, Engineering, Quality, and Creative leadership to drive product outcomes.
·        Partner with Propeller customers to deliver custom experiences based on shared goals and objectives.
·        Deliver features and products on time and on budget when our customers depend on your teams to launch commercial programs.
·        Support and facilitate communication with internal and external constituents so they have awareness of our product priorities and roadmap.

As we grow, we are looking for an energetic, focused product manager to help manage end to end life cycles of current and new products. This person will help shape the product roadmap and successful commercialization of current and new products by working closely between sales, and customers, engineering and manufacturing to release and manage our leading-edge products!

Successful management of current and new products.
·        Drive delivery of business objectives for the brand including net sales, operating profit, gross margin, and market share.
·        Execute clear, simple and frequent communication internally and externally ensure understanding and best in class execution of business growth plans.
·        Collaborate with internal and external partners to understand the target end user customers and track to metrics to evaluate our effectiveness in reaching that consumer; Use research and business analysis to understand the competition, channel dynamics, consumer segmentation and positioning, product segmentation and sales performance.
·        Manage day to day execution of all products through product changes, introduction and end of life.
·        Develop product specifications and requirements through the MRD process and effectively collaborate between all stakeholders to ensure timely release of new products.
·        Develop and own pricing strategy and positioning for all products. Partner with sales leadership on development, communication and execution of compelling selling strategies and training in a timely manner.
·        Key liaison with channel sales strategy; Maintain trusted connection with top channel customers and influential end user customers. Build processes to determine user needs for the company’s products and obtain feedback on the competitive positioning.
·        Strong analytics skills and experience with diagnosing and resolving complex problems and translating to business opportunities.
·        Able to make tough, informed decisions quickly to keep performance on track.
·        Able to navigate and perform in ambiguous circumstances.
·        Demonstrated contagious positive energy to influence, inspire and drive results.
·        Relentlessly seek, share and adopt ideas and best practices in and outside the company and embraces change introduced by others; Promotes a work environment that fosters creative thinking, innovation and rational risk taking.
·        Demonstrate a sense of curiosity and entrepreneurialism that leads to unique non-traditional solutions.
·        Inspiring, motivating and coaching creative teams to deliver high performance.
·        Compelling communications in crafting and transforming a vision and strategy into actionable plans that inspires emotional connection (internal and external).
·        Bachelor's degree in business administration. Masters/ MBA with a concentration in Marketing degree preferred.
·        5+ yrs. experience in marketing with B2B product management experience.
·        Experience leading in a matrix organization driving collaboration across businesses and functions.
·        Experience with CRM design and utilization strongly preferred.
·        English language proficiency.
·        P&L management; development and execution of brand marketing; cross-functional knowledge; direct experience in all various aspects of business including manufacturing, product and technology development and product supply.
·        Outstanding project management experience with a demonstrated successful track record in delivering complex projects on time and achieving specific business objectives.
·        Demonstrated experience working with operations on monthly and annual forecasting processes, as well as designing product specifications to meet targeted user applications.

Defines and executes downstream product marketing strategy by creating and executing a business plan for assigned products to achieve divisional revenue goals within allocated budget
·        Leads cross-functional launch teams to successfully introduce new products into the market, developing innovative marketing plans including positioning and messaging, segmentation, pricing, account targeting, promotion, and field and customer education
·        Interfaces with Marketing Services to develop marketing collateral
·        Develops product strategies and value propositions that create customer engagement, loyalty and brand equity
·        Provides advice and counsel to business leaders about strategic opportunities to grow brands and financial results
·        Monitors sales & marketing trends and makes recommendations for enhancing market penetration
·        Collaborates with customers, marketing services and third-party sources to monitor, understand and respond to competitive product performance, branding, messaging and tactics
·        Cultivates key customer relationships, working productively with key stakeholders and the field sales organization to gain market insight, improve clinical practice, implement programs and drive product preference and market growth
·        Works strategically with sales force and analytics teams to create demand, enable sales, increase awareness and drive market share for assigned product responsibilities
·        Partners with upstream marketing to evaluate additional products and new market opportunities
·        Collaborates with finance / contracts to create deal structures to more fully leverage the division portfolio
·        Partners with Marketing Services team to develop convention strategy and effectively leverage conferences within an integrated business plan created at the start of the year
·        Participates in key customer visits to support product portfolio
·        Adhere, without exception, to Corporate compliance and ethics policies
·        Plan and participate in sales training for marketing and/or sales employees
·        May coach and develop marketing personnel
·        May direct the activities of 1 or more subordinate marketing employee, aligning work to critical business results and initiatives
·        BA in Marketing, Business or BA/BS in other area with related experience
·        Minimum 6+ years of experience in product/brand marketing, sales, or R&D within medical, pharmaceutical, or other relevant industry experience (medical device preferred) or 4+ years of sales experience with deep product knowledge of Stryker products
·        MBA Preferred
·        PMP Certification preferred
·        Sales experience in related medical device area preferred
·        Demonstrated strength in strategic thinking / market analysis / competitive analysis / consumer behavior
·        Strong understanding of how to conduct market research
·        Strong financial acumen related to conducting ROI, NPV, TCO and other analyses
·        Must have ability to effectively lead a small team (2-3) of direct or non-direct reports
·        Must have ability to lead and/or significantly contribute to multiple projects and tasks of significance
·        Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with and influence stakeholders of all levels
·        Must possess unwavering ethics & integrity in a competitive and demanding work environment
·        Must possess a strong understanding of multiple areas & functions within the organization
Group MedSurg and Neurotech
Division Sustainability Solutions

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

Do you thrive in a fast paced environment that rewards hard work and grit?  Are you interested in gaining visibility with senior leadership?  If working on challenging projects with autonomy and the opportunity to grow motivates you, we want to speak with you!

We are looking for people who:

• Thrive in an ambiguous environment that requires leadership and critical decision making
• With courage to stand up for their ideas and influence others while listening to feedback and being flexible to change their mind in the face of new data
• Overcome challenges, create a diverse team in thought, practice and competencies and learn from mistakes

The Product Manager for Marketing will be involved in all aspects of developing and launching products for our Neuromodulation Spinal Cord Stimulation franchise.

• Act as the product development marketing core team member responsible for:

    • Providing voice-of-the-customer marketing specifications to the R&D team
    • Guiding the writing of customer requirements documents, creating product labeling, defining user-validation activities, developing claims, surgical technique generation and generating product forecasts

• As the product commercialization lead, develop and execute a comprehensive global & US launch plan and strategy for new products including: developing product positioning, defining marketing messages and collateral, developing sales and physician education programs and training both domestic and international marketing and sales teams.
• Champion product commercialization activities across multiple internal and external groups such as engineering, packaging and labeling, regulatory, clinical, quality, sales, sales training, clinical training, etc.
• Identify and lead  market research to identify market needs and the corresponding product solution opportunities
• Establish relationships with key opinion leaders in the field
• Acquire and analyze  feedback from key opinion leaders, current and potential customers, third party market research and internal stakeholders
• Possess an in-depth knowledge of the healthcare industry in general and more specifically, the segments targeted by assigned products, including the motivators for action
• Creates and implements market development strategies to target key customers

 Bachelor’s degree required; MBA preferred

• Minimum of 3 years product marketing experience including product development required
• Healthcare, technology or consumer goods experience required; medical device preferred
• Demonstrated ability of collecting user requirements (Voice of the customer)
• Cross functional team leadership experience required.  Ability to collaborate and work with others in a dynamic, matrix environment.
• Outstanding interpersonal skills including developing relationships in all levels of the organization and indirectly influencing business objectives
• Ability to overcome challenges, professionally or personally required
• Physician/Provider engagement experience preferred
• Sales force engagement experience preferred
• Previous product launch experience preferred
• Up to 30% travel required (mostly US; some global may be required)

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

At Xcell Bio, we are excited to expand our Commercial Operations team and are looking for a Marketing Program Manager responsible for advancing the use of Xcell Biosciences Instruments and reagents in Cell Biology and Human Disease research.
·        Strategic planning including corporate positioning, market and competitive analysis, customer segment selection and penetration plans, and related product positioning
·           Analyze, evaluate, plan, and execute both existing and potential marketing activities and strategies. Develop benchmark criteria to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of marketing programs
·        Identify/develop unique value propositions for products in key customer segments
·        Identify product development opportunities to increase market share and expand the addressable market